Documents multi-tenant, auth-enabled deployment on IBM cloud (#2028)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/install-kubeflow.md

    ```
    export CLUSTER_NAME=kubeflow
    export CLUSTER_ZONE=dal13
    export WORKER_PROVIDER=classic
    ```

    - `CLUSTER_NAME` must be lowercase and unique among any other Kubernetes
      clusters in the specified CLUSTER_ZONE.

>     - `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the location where CLUSTER_NAME will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create CLUSTER_NAME in the Dallas (US) data center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the regions or locations where CLUSTER_NAME will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create CLUSTER_NAME in the Dallas (US) data center.
```

Author: addressed in https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2028/commits/9c471a4aecf999fdeb136ae19e68240ba9b290cb

    - `WORKDER_PROVIDER` represents the IBM cloud Kubernetes cluster with worker nodes on classic infrastructure.

**Notices**:

> * It uses the worker node provider `classic` in this guide because it's the only one that supports worker nodes with GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It uses the worker nodes provider `classic` in this guide because it's the only one that supports worker nodes with GPUs.
```

Author: addressed in https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2028/commits/9c471a4aecf999fdeb136ae19e68240ba9b290cb

> * There're other worker nodes providers including `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use `ibmcloud ks zones --provider <provider-name>` to list zone names if using other providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are other worker nodes providers including `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use `ibmcloud ks zones --provider <provider-name>` to list zone names if using other providers.
```

Author: addressed in https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2028/commits/9c471a4aecf999fdeb136ae19e68240ba9b290cb

      ```
      tar -xvf kfctl_{{% kf-latest-version %}}_<platform>.tar.gz
      ```

> 1. (Optional) make kfctl binary easier to use. If you don’t add the binary to your path, you must use the full path to the kfctl binary each time you run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make kfctl binary easier to use (optional). If you don’t add the binary to your path, you must use the full path to the kfctl binary each time you run it.
```

Author: addressed in https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2028/commits/9c471a4aecf999fdeb136ae19e68240ba9b290cb

    export CONFIG_URI="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/master/kfdef/kfctl_ibm_dex.yaml"
    # Generate and deploy Kubeflow:
    mkdir -p ${KF_DIR}
    cd ${KF_DIR}
    kfctl build -V -f ${CONFIG_URI}
    ```
1. Fill in an application secret for OIDC auth service in downloaded YAML file `${KF_DIR}/kustomize/oidc-authservice/oidc-authservice-cm.yaml`. Notice this application secret can be a random string but must match that in `${KF_DIR}/kustomize/dex-auth/dex-auth-cm.yaml`.
    ```
    curl -L -o kustomize/oidc-authservice/oidc-authservice-cm.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/master/stacks/ibm/fns/oidc-authservice-cm.yaml
    # update the configurations in the oidc-authservice-cm.yaml
    ```
1. Fill in saved GitHub OAuth app configurations like `client_id`,  `client_secret` and `application_secret` in downloaded YAML file `${KF_DIR}/kustomize/dex-auth/dex-auth-cm.yaml`:
    ```
    curl -L -o kustomize/dex-auth/dex-auth-cm.yaml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/master/stacks/ibm/fns/dex-auth-cm.yaml
    # update the configurations in the dex-auth-cm.yaml
    ```
1. Transform configuration files by `kpt`:
    ```

>     kpt fn run kustomize/oidc-authservice

Reviewer: any reason why kpt is better here? typically discourage custom/new tools unless we have a strong reason?

Author: This is under discussion in https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/pull/364

The biggest benefit is avoid touching generated `kustomization.yaml` by hand. the preferred path of customize a kubeflow deployment is downloading configmap, tweak it then merge it via a `kpt fn`.

If @adrian555 agrees, I can fall back by documenting manually adding required `configmapGenerator` and highlight not committing to git repo, so that it won't introduce `kpt`.

Author: @adrian555 do you mind if I alter those the `kpt fn` path with:

1. create two configmaps locally with credentials
1. `kubectl apply -f dex-cm.yaml`
1. `kubectl apply -f oidc-service-cm.yaml`
1. `kubectl rollout restart deploy/dex -n auth`
1. `kubectl rollout restart sts/oidc-service -n istio-system`

The essential complexity of such effort is about secret management of open source components, there's no easy solution if keeping those credentials in configmaps.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, let's go with the manual approach for now.
